[shopsys] fixed documentation and upgrade notes links from 9.0 to latest/master (#1627)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/upgrading-monorepo.md

    - you can stop providing the `github_oauth_token` in your `docker-compose.yml`

## [From v7.0.0-alpha5 to v7.0.0-alpha6]

> - when upgrading your installed [monorepo](https://docs.shopsys.com/en/8.1/introduction/monorepo/), you'll have to change the build context for the images of the microservices in `docker-compose.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when upgrading your installed [monorepo](https://docs.shopsys.com/en/7.3/introduction/monorepo/), you'll have to change the build context for the images of the microservices in `docker-compose.yml`
```
